Hello and welcome to the AWS Certified SyOps
Administrator Associate Course of version SOA-C02.
My name is Stephane Maarek
and I will be your instructor for this course.
So we're going to prepare for the SOA-C02 exam,
which is a very challenging certification,
I think is the most difficult of all associate exam.
But this course will be long and hopefully very interesting.
And so I definitely recommend that you do this certification
after having done at least
the Solutions Architect Associate Certification
or the Certified Developer Associate Certification.
Now this course is structured as an advanced course,
and so some base knowledge is going to be needed
for all videos and so for all sections.
And so videos are going to be imported
from different courses of mine.
So there will be some videos from my
Certified Cloud Practitioner course,
which will be marked with the CCP tag.
There will be some with, they are coming
from the Solutions Architect Associate course
and it will be marked with the SAA tag,
and then some from the Certified Developer Associate course
marked with a DVA tag.
So the idea is that if you've done some
of my previous courses,
you know which lectures to skip,
and I've included this base knowledge
because not everyone comes with the same path.
Some people will have done some courses and others not.
So I've preferred to include
as much information as possible.
But if this is a video that you've already seen,
please feel free to skip it
or just re-watch it again to get a little refresher.
It never helps.
And so for the videos are specific to this course, well,
they will not be tagged at all.
They will not be marked with brackets.
So this will be all the CSAP specific videos in this course.
So now a little bit about me.
So my name is Stephane Maarek
and I will be your instructor for this course.
I have 11 AWS certifications, so all of them,
and I've worked with AWS for many years.
I've built websites, applications,
streaming platforms, and so on.
I've been teaching for almost seven years on Udemy
about certifications or services such as
CloudFormation, Lambda, and EC2.
As you can see,
I have over 2 million students that went
through my courses,
and everyone has been very successful with this course.
So I'm very happy that you're here following along with me.
So you can connect with me on social media.
You can follow me on LinkedIn, on Instagram, on Medium,
Twitter, and GitHub, and the links are here.
I thank you very much for choosing this course
and choosing to learn with me.
I hope you're as excited as I am
and I wish you a very happy learning.